README.md, before:

### 👋 **I am Erhan ERTEM**

&emsp;

## Udemy The Ultimate React Course 2024: React, Redux & More by Jonas Schmedtmann

### **Objective:** Create WorldWise App

- SPAs & React Routing via react-router-dom package
  - Creating, nesting, index(default) routes
  - Declarative Navigation
    - Link, NavLink RRC components
  - Programmatic Navigation
    - Declarative Programmatic Navigation
      - Navigate RRC component
    - Imperative Programmatic Navigation
      - useNavigate() RRC hook
  - Low level login/logout functionality
    - Protected route implementation
  - useEffect and inside-function memoization via useCallback hook
- CSS handling in this app
  - CSS-modules
- Code splitting for bundled file optimization
  - Route lazy loading via lazy hook
  - Provide fallback loader component via <Suspense > wrapper component @ routes

&emsp;

#### <img src="./push.gif" width="30px"/>[WorldWise App](https://app-worldwise-erhan-ertem.netlify.app/)

<img src="./screenshot.webp" width="500px"/>

---

![JS](https://img.shields.io/badge/JavaScript-323330?style=square&logo=javascript&logoColor=F7DF1E)
![React](https://img.shields.io/badge/React-20232A?style=square&logo=react&logoColor=61DAF)
![React Router](https://img.shields.io/badge/React_Router-CA4245?style=square&logo=react-router&logoColor=white)
![Vite](https://img.shields.io/badge/Vite-B73BFE?style=square&logo=vite&logoColor=FFD62E)

Commit message:

Make production scripts to host on render.com + add app preview

README.md, after:

### 👋 **I am Erhan ERTEM**

&emsp;

## Udemy The Ultimate React Course 2024: React, Redux & More by Jonas Schmedtmann

### **Objective:** Create WorldWise App

- SPAs & React Routing via react-router-dom package
  - Creating, nesting, index(default) routes
  - Declarative Navigation
    - Link, NavLink RRC components
  - Programmatic Navigation
    - Declarative Programmatic Navigation
      - Navigate RRC component
    - Imperative Programmatic Navigation
      - useNavigate() RRC hook
  - Low level login/logout functionality
    - Protected route implementation
  - useEffect and inside-function memoization via useCallback hook
- CSS handling in this app
  - CSS-modules
- Code splitting for bundled file optimization
  - Route lazy loading via lazy hook
  - Provide fallback loader component via Suspense wrapper component @ routes

Aside from cirriculum:

- Establish a backend to host json-server with CORs and ESM syntax
- Add conditional Login/Logoff Button @ landing page based on isAuthenticated state when in Protected Route and used
  Browser back navigation button

&emsp;

#### <img src="./push.gif" width="30px"/>[WorldWise App](https://app-worldwise-erhan-ertem.onrender.com/)

<img src="./screenshot.webp" width="500px"/>

---

![JS](https://img.shields.io/badge/JavaScript-323330?style=square&logo=javascript&logoColor=F7DF1E)
![React](https://img.shields.io/badge/React-20232A?style=square&logo=react&logoColor=61DAF)
![React Router](https://img.shields.io/badge/React_Router-CA4245?style=square&logo=react-router&logoColor=white)
![Vite](https://img.shields.io/badge/Vite-B73BFE?style=square&logo=vite&logoColor=FFD62E)
